Remove Satellite (#146)
bcgov/bcparis-service: README.md

# bcparis-service

> BcParis Api is a restfull api that accept Driver, Vehicle and POR(Protection Order Registry) query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BcParis Api is a restfull api that accepts Driver, Vehicle and POR (Protection Order Registry) queries.
```
